thank you for continuing to lie emilia from your channel be mansion we continue
eat your newsletter samaniego and it's time to present it and all
what happened today in the morning in election of the young lady the prince
meanwhile the world and of course that mansion was present and we go with
our special envoys ahead was in german villa
whatever I want to tell you that I am in the neighboring municipality
of san juan sacatepéquez
san raymundo where it takes them to be dispensing everything that happens during
the elections is miss in medicine arita sports 2011 2012 grow is to say
the company to adapt a small tour of everything that happens
during this event
lima ago
on the other hand to another
ace
the cleric
stage
I want to tell you that now you meet Miss
Miss outgoing cinema
and sports we are going to take a moment with them to the agreement in terms merely
of enami mining
once inside the bar area at that time
very happy very happy that I have been given the opportunity to participate because
it's a very nice action experience
they have debts from the Canadian mining company
Bielsa had no idea that the assignment ends
I had the mentality
the relatives activity because they are appearing my name would also do in
High sea is Iran
Yes of something with what you want to make known yesterday etc and that it represents
Indonesia from Bali
of the institute since in this one in its anniversary
that will allow all the activities
when crossing the bridges
that were more than attack but it happened
so far in the campaign
the operation of the buoys
the one that all the partners in this account that
debate before summer and Aragon
while bulletproof interview granted in the tenerife after the killing
they will avoid the candidates below
thank you very much good informant
we will see informed about everything that with unreal price of the world has come the
time to go again another by official text
please do not take off from your television because when we return we will be giving
know the results of this election
in the middle of this bull network